feat: update "Integrate with COS" to include steps for scraping metrics from sackd and slurmd (#133)
charmed-hpc/docs: howto/integrate/integrate-with-cos.md

---
relatedlinks: "[Get&#32;started&#32;with&#32;COS](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/observability/track-2/tutorial/installation/), [COS&#32;best&#32;practices](https://documentation.ubuntu.com/observability/track-2/reference/best-practices/), [Slurm&#32;metrics&#32;guide](https://slurm.schedmd.com/metrics.html)"
myst:
  html_meta:

>     description: Learn how to integrate Charmed HPC with the Canonical Observability Stack (COS) to monitor your cluster by forwarding logs and metrics for interactive analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    description: Instructions on how to integrate Charmed HPC with the Canonical Observability Stack (COS) to monitor your cluster by forwarding logs and metrics for interactive analysis.
```

Reviewer: Ideally 'learn' is kept for tutorial pages. I'll update the skill soon to include that rule.

Author: skill issue 💀 - fixed.

:::{code-block}
juju integrate opentelemetry-collector slurmctld
juju integrate opentelemetry-collector sackd
juju integrate opentelemetry-collector slurmd
:::

OpenTelemetry Collector will install itself on each unit of the slurmctld application
to collect logs and metrics from the slurmctld service's metrics endpoint. OpenTelemetry

> Collector will also scrape the metrics endpoints provided by the sackd and slurmd applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to collect logs and metrics from the slurmctld service's metrics endpoint. It will also scrape the metrics endpoints provided by the sackd and slurmd applications.
```

Reviewer: Generally I agree it's better to be specific, but it reads weird to have two sentences in a row starting that way.

Author: Yeh, I wasn't too happy about having these two sentences start this way, but I wanted to be explicit since sometimes it can be hard for readers to identify what "it" is referring to, especially with paragraphs that contain a lot of information.

That said, I think this short paragraph reads better with `It` starting the second sentence, so I'll make this change.
